# Advantages of our website
 1. Because we consider that many students of Newcastle University are from different countries. So we not only set up the function of multi-language, so that you will be more familiar with the web page; and we also recruit a lot of multi-language counsellors, which can make the chat more fluent, so that the user in their own familiar environment more put down their guard to chat freely.
 2. We offer a phone call service so that users can start counselling anytime, anywhere. Many times a low mood or a bad mood is sudden and there is not an exact time when this mood arises. So in the counsellor's work arrangements, we will take the shift system, so that is to ensure that 24 hours can have a counsellor online! It allows users to experience counselling at any time.
 3. Our website takes enough forms, not only letting users choose the form of phone calls, taking into account the LGBTQ also exists in the hearing-impaired people, so we also developed the form of mail, we think that the form of mail can also be a better way to preserve the dialogue, and some effective psychological counselling may be able to play a number of roles, not when the user is confused, look at the last mail, and then can alleviate some of the depression.
 4. We recruit for the whole of the UK and even globally, as our office does not need to be offline. Most of the time it is an online office, which greatly saves on office rent and time costs. A lot of counsellors can do other work, when we have time to arrange for him to receive the user can be. So that our doctors can also be more and more.

